Right.
Thank you for coming.
It's been 7 or 8 years...
since we met in the prosecution press room.
Already?
Tae Wook suddenly wanted to go play golf.
I wondered why.
It's been a while since we met, and...
I thought it'd be even harder to see you once you enter the Blue House.
The Blue House will have an official press release next Monday.
Please keep the secret until then.
Of course.
Anyway, congratulations.
Congratulations.
I'm worried because he is in charge of great work.
Please give him a hand.
How can I help him?
Honestly, it's a problem...
how the press play smart these days.
Whatever it is, they criticize first.
Serving in politics is tough.
Don't you agree?
The press isn't the government's pet dog,
but a watch dog.
If you think News Nine would cover articles...
you give and be scared, I'm sorry, but you wouldn't have...
a good relationship with News Nine...
while you stay in that position.
Even if our situations are switched?
What do you mean?
For example,
you might speak for the Blue House,
or might become a party's spokesperson.
Even if you speak for the Blue House...
and speak for parties,
are you confident that your belief will not change?
That's what I mean.
I'm not sure.
This isn't about how confident you are.
I think it's the matter of principles and belief.
As far as I know,
principles and belief stay the same regardless of the situation.
Is that so?
Don't think we only criticize.
Think it as we continue to doubt and question you instead.
Media and the politics are same...
in a way that they both work for the people.
I see.
Duly noted.
I'll take back what I said about criticizing.
Keep being a watch dog...
with principles and belief.
Let's put aside the boring stuffs...
and eat now. Enjoy.
- Please. - Go ahead.
How far do you want to go up?
What? I can't hear you.
You said you want to succeed.
What's your definition of success?
How should I put it?
Until I can climb it.
Where would that be?
I don't know.
I haven't reached it yet.
Anyway, the highest I can reach.
The highest I can reach as far as I can go.
Why do you want to go up so high?
The realization of a just society.
Do I sound funny? You think it's funny?
- No. - You laughed at me.
You just laughed, didn't you?
I said I didn't.
Wait and see.
Wait and see...
if I can do it.
Okay?
I love you.
Let's get married.
- Crazy punk. - Let's get married.
I'm not going to do that.
How many times do I need to reject for you to understand?
I'm...
not going to get married. No.
I have so many dreams,
and I have so much to do.
I love you, Reporter Go Hye Ran.
I mean, why me?
I have got nothing.
I'm not even that pretty.
I have a nasty personality, and I'm greedy.
I'm also selfish.
I might treat you nothing more than a fancy business card.
Why me? Why do you like me?
Because you're the only reporter who calls...
Korean prosecutor a crazy punk.
And I'm the only prosecutor who'd laugh at it.
I will...
be your fancy business card.
However you want to look, I can do that for you.
I promise.
Aren't you tired?
I didn't expect you to come all the way here.
Thank you.
I thought you wanted to become a spokesperson.
Isn't that why you couldn't get divorced with me?
Try what you want to do.
What you wanted from me was my background in the first place.
I promised I'd give it to you, so I better keep it.
I thought...
you came here to make up with me.
Is it...
even possible anymore?
Goodnight.
Hello. Give them to me.
Thank you.
Why did you go alone? You should've called me.
It's all right.
He's Go Hye Ran's husband.
- What? - He came here...
with his company all of a sudden in the afternoon.
He's a former prosecutor and a current attorney or something.
Isn't he so handsome by the way?
I see.
I'm so envious of him for being Hye Ran's husband.
Did you see Hye Ran's husband too?
I heard he's a former prosecutor, so I expected he'd be stiff.
But he seems gentle and decent.
I could tell he grew up in a wealthy family.
And he's handsome too.
That brat is lucky with men after all.
How about we ask them to have dinner together tomorrow?
No. I don't have time for that.
How do you feel today?
I'm okay. It's gotten much better now.
Do you want to go for a walk?
Sure.
It all looks ridiculous to you, doesn't it?
I'm crazily obsessed with success, fame, and power.
And you think I'm so materialistic, don't you?
You think I'm pathetic...
to risk everything and go after being the spokesperson, don't you?
Still, it can't be helped.
I won't stop.
Whether it's obsession or not, I'll succeed no matter what.
Wherever it is, I'll climb until the end.
Though you're embarrassed by how pathetic I am...
Though it doesn't cope with the elegant personality of yours,
you have to put up with it.
You're my husband,
and you promised that you'd do it.
You came all the way here to keep that promise.
Well?
Sleep at home.
There are eyes watching us.
I'll sleep on the sofa.
I'll take care of it, so don't even bother.
Hye Ran.
(Episode 4: Bottomless Pit)
We were best friends throughout our high school lives.
We shared everything...
including secrets which we couldn't tell others.
Hye Ran and I were that close.
Right, Hye Ran?
You met such a decent husband.
I'm so happy for you. Aren't you, honey?
Are you okay, honey?
You must be tired. You can go inside first.
Really? Are you tired?
No, I'm fine.
I'm okay.
- Can I pour you a drink? - Sure.
It's not easy to love a woman with a successful career.
Don't you agree?
It was the same with the woman whom I met a long time ago.
I was unsuccessful...
and had no future at that time.
But she had everything.
She had a definite life's goal.
She was sure with what she wanted to do and have.
So she dumped me.
I lost to a successful man...
with an outstanding background,
so to speak.
I see.
I met my wife then.
While I was at the bottom of my life,
she held my hands.
Thank you, and I love you.
I'd better leave now. I'm a bit tired.
Are you? Let's leave then.
You are not coming with me?
You have to play golf from early in the morning tomorrow.
I'll join you later.
- Honey. - How about we have some more?
Why not?
I'm glad.
Jae Young and your husband seem to get along well together.
Do you want to have some tea while they have more drinks?
Later. I need some rest.
Sure thing. You said you are tired.
I forgot.
You must've been very tired for shooting all day.
- Get some rest. - I'll see you tomorrow.
Bye.
So what happened?
As you can see, things have changed completely.
I'm back as a successful man.
It means if I put my mind to it,
I can meet her or sleep with her at any time.
How can you have such thought when you have a wife?
Come on. Don't act naive.
I love and respect Eun Joo as my wife.
But marriage is only marriage.
It's a totally different matter...
that a man and a woman are attracted by each other sexually.
Don't you think so?
Good shot.
Relax, okay?
Nice shot!
You still got it.
By the way, your wife...
She's good at everything.
She's too talented to be stuck in the newsroom.
Don't you think so?
Wait up!
Today, the Blue House announced its second lineup of new hires...
that includes Prosecutor Yoon Ho Young...
from the Central District Prosecutors' Office.
The former prosecutor Yoon Ho Young...
A new senior secretary of public affairs means a complete changeover.
He has retired from the prosecution and...
Rumor has it that Dae Yong from GBS has been hired as a spokesperson.
Do you know what kind of people I despise the most?
The President's...
It's those who get into politics using fame from the media industry.
You know those who act like trumpet players, right? I hate them.
Oh, is that right?
The Blue House has started appointing...
Camera two, be on standby!
Camera two. Cut. Cue!
I heard he's proven clean in terms of assets and tax evasion history.
Your husband is a man of integrity, you know.
They dug hard but couldn't find any dirt on him.
He left the prosecution to be a public defender...
just before he could get promoted.
Who knew that would end up being so helpful to us?
I got a little gift for you at the duty-free shop.
From now on,
they'll focus on your personal life,
from your relationship with your husband to everyone around you.
Make sure there's nothing problematic.
Hey, you're almost there.
Stay strong, okay?
Honey.
Are you going somewhere?
I'll stay at my office for the next little while.
What do you mean?
Why all of a sudden?
I left your brooch on the dining table.
Kevin Lee...
asked me to give it to you.
Oh, I forgot about this.
She dropped this when she was with me earlier.
Both of us were out of it.
Please give this to Ms. Go Hye Ran.
From now on, they'll focus on your personal life,
from your relationship with your husband to everyone around you.
Make sure there's nothing problematic.
If we didn't meet again, it'd be your past.
But that's not the case.
Is it still possible...
to patch up our marriage?
You look great in it.
By the way, aren't you taking too long of a break from exercising?
You should start working out again to get back into shape.
I'll figure out what to do.
What's wrong? What's bothering you?
Let's have a baby.
We've been putting it off, saying we'd wait...
until we'll have our own place...
and until you win.
10 years went by like that.
We aren't young anymore, you know.
Let's have a baby, Jae Young.
(Blocked Caller ID)
- Hello? - What do you think you're doing?
I'm with my wife.
- Unless it's urgent... - You piece of trash!
Hold on, please.
Listen.
What are you doing?
Do you want Eun Joo to find out?
If you're afraid of her finding out,
what have you done to my husband?
Will you keep being nasty?
Do you think I would care if you act like this?
Did he hand you the brooch already?
Your husband seems much more innocent than I thought.
Did he not understand me or is he pretending not to?
Don't be mistaken that I'll be the only one who'll fall to the bottom.
Once something goes wrong,
you'll also fall mercilessly.
That's not bad either.
After losing everything that we have,
we will hit the bottom.
Then we can go back to our life 10 years ago.
You're insane.
I'm warning you. Don't think about showing up before me.
Don't even step on my shadow.
Don't you dare pull tricks on Tae Wook or anyone else...
around me.
If I do?
Otherwise, I'll kill you.
[VIU Ver] jTBC E04 Misty "Bottomless Pit"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Clean up.
Will he be released this time?
I mean Han Young Ho.
Who knows what trouble he'll cause this time?
It's so cold. What?
Attorney Kang?
What time is it?
It's a little after 8am. Did you sleep here?
Yes, I had something to review.
Did you...
fight with your wife?
Didn't you go to Thailand with your wife yesterday?
Did you visit Kaham yesterday?
What did you fight about?
No matter how bad it was, you shouldn't sleep away from home.
Hello.
He was working all night.
I brought him some food. Please have some.
No, I already had breakfast. Enjoy it together.
I'll get going.
I'll look for human rights attorney first.
Can you look for other labor workers with similar cases?
They won't testify.
They won't testify against their boss who pays them.
Some of them may have changed their mind.
Please continue searching.
Why don't you eat some? I'll leave it.
It's okay. You worked hard to make it.
Then I'll have some.
(Kaham Unpaid Wage Case)
This is precious.
It's the Kaham Case.
It's what keeps Attorney Kang busy.
The defendant is a huge corporation.
Hwanil Steel?
They had a problem with foreign laborers few years ago.
It was on the news script,
but it was dramatically settled before the broadcast.
It wasn't reported in the end.
Can you search the reporter and see if there are related footages?
Please give me a break.
I've been working two nights in a row after Thailand.
Kevin Lee wanted to see the edited video,
- so I have to finish it by today. - We work few nights for it,
but someone's life depends on it.
He wasn't paid for a year only because he's a foreign worker.
He's locked up because he's suspected for violence.
Will you ignore it?
Will you?
When will you release it?
Tonight. Thank you in advance.
Senior Manager Oh will get upset again.
Move out of the way.
Gosh, there you are, the frightening lady.
Did you get the script from Reporter Kwak?
Yes.
It was so surprising that...
my head is about to explode.
Only the content of the segment will change.
I organized the script to fit the time.
Isn't this what you said before?
Is news a game?
You added what the anchor didn't know before the live news.
You sent away promising Han Ji Won...
all the way to Daejeon.
You added what we didn't know at the desk?
Where do you want to go? Jeju Island?
Do you want some fresh air?
I'll take the responsibility...
if it becomes a problem.
How?
Will you step down from your position?
Do you want to take me down from this position that much?
Yes, please.
That's my only wish.
Your wish might get granted, right?
- Five minutes. - I know.
Here's the intro song.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
(My Husband)
(Eun Joo)
Your wife is impressive.
You already have six missed calls from her.
You came out nicely.
You got paid a million dollars after shooting a few seconds of that?
Come on. It took a day to film that commercial.
And you got paid a million dollars.
It's so easy to earn money.
Hello, viewers.
- I'm Go Hye Ran of News Nine. - How annoying.
"It's such a pain not being able to get treated because of no money."
The president made this comment...
as he announced the strengthening regulation on health insurance.
Except for plastic surgeries...
(Eun Joo)
Reporters Kim Soo Hyun and Lee Haeng...
will report about how health care regulations will change...
when it takes place.
(My husband)
The freezing weather is sweeping over the entire country.
As the cold weather...
- Okay. - continues,
tomorrow will be the coldest day in this winter.
The weather in Seoul will go down to minus 15°C.
Mountain areas will be lower than that.
Goodness.
Gosh.
It's packed nicely.
I wonder what's inside.
- You're here. - Hi.
I was so busy with work and just prepared myself some ramyeon.
Do you want some too?
- No, thank you. - Okay.
Gosh, I guess I'm having a cold.
They believe that they can support their family in their home country.
But in return,
they were mistreated...
for not knowing the Korean language.
Ramyeon is the best.
It's a story of Kaham who didn't get paid for his payment for a year...
and was arrested for assault.
He doesn't know the Chinese letters for probation.
That's why he wrote a statement as he was told to.
Then he signed it.
This 27-year-old man was honest and hardworking,
but he became a criminal.
The amount of the payment which he didn't get paid for a year...
is 18,000 dollars in total.
It's said that this company gladly paid a million dollars...
to sign a contract with a famous golfer recently.
Isn't it about Hwanil Steel?
Before spending that amount of money for its image,
shouldn't they have wiped...
the resentful tears of this employee who worked hard for the company?
This is the end of the Anchor's Eyes.
(Hwanil Steel)
Goodness. Kevin Lee is doomed.
(Manager Baek Dong Hyun)
It's from your manager.
Shouldn't you answer him?
- Hello? - Where are you?
It's going viral on the Internet.
(Real time hot search keywords)
"My goodness."
"Kevin got a million dollars for a 18-second-long commercial..."
"while Kaham didn't get paid his 18,000 dollars."
"Is it Hwanil Steel or Kevin Lee who's crazy?"
"Is Kevin a golf player or an image laundry?"
"Do you love money that much?"
It's got 25,000 likes.
Kevin and Hwanil Steel are getting criticized so much.
Kevin might fall straight to the bottom at this rate.
Attorney Kang?
Attorney Kang.
Make up with your wife.
Your wife is trying hard to support you.
- Good job. - Good job.
- Good job. - Good job today.
Thank you.
It's topped the real time search keyword rank.
People have left thousands of comments as soon as it got aired.
Do you still want me to resign?
You must be determined.
Did you do it on purpose,
knowing that the following commercial was that of Hwanil Steel?
Have you seen any anchor who checks what commercial comes next?
I haven't.
Hwanil Steel wants to cut every single contract with us.
From the CEO's office to the programs department,
they've complained to everywhere. It's rampant in the station now.
So they'll abuse their power with money?
Stop being snobbish and go to the chief's office.
He wants to see you.
He's so furious that he might explode at any time.
Go see him already.
How could you stab me in the back like this again?
They're our major advertiser, but we can't ignore the fact.
We can't go easy on their misbehaviors.
Goodness.
What now? You want to become the spokesperson of the Blue House?
How did you know?
I met with the people from the Blue House just now.
They came here to prepare for their investigation on you.
What did you say to them?
What do you mean? I told them only the facts...
that she's stubborn, audacious, and rude.
That she's too perfect, snobbish, and annoying.
But it's more upsetting because this stuck-up is...
the best in standing in the justice with her belief.
I told them that makes me more upset. Are you satisfied?
- Thank you. - Thank you, my foot.
Look.
It's not your path.
Don't suffer by walking on a path that doesn't suit you.
Just be the main anchor of News Nine for 2 or 3 more years.
And this position will naturally be yours.
Well?
Don't get ahead of yourself.
It's not decided...
that I'll be the spokesperson. It's only my wish.
Even if I'm selected to be the one,
I won't forget...
my gratitude towards you.
I may be rude,
but I'm loyal.
Will you really go?
If I don't,
I'll regret it for the rest of my life.
Goodness, this brat.
You'll be reprimanded regarding the Hwanil Steel report.
Brace yourself for that.
Hye Ran.
Here.
Thank you.
It's scary to be famous.
You're being criticized more than Hwanil Steel. You know that?
Shouldn't you take some kind of action?
(Go Hye Ran)
(Lee Jae Young)
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
(Manager Baek Dong Hyun)
It's me. Where are you now?
Yes.
Yes, Han Ji Won speaking.
Who's this?
I'm Seo Eun Joo, Kevin Lee's wife.
What are you doing here?
Oh, hey. Nothing.
I booked Kevin Lee for tomorrow afternoon. It's at 3pm.
All right.
Will you be all right?
Everyone is posting mean comments about him too at the moment.
"The Human" is about him though.
If you're uncomfortable with it...
It's not like the news was about verbally bashing him.
He didn't even do research on the company he's modeling for.
It's his fault for selling his public image like that.
Aren't I right?
I heard it'll start snowing later. Drive carefully.
All right.
Thanks for everything, Ki Seok.
Oh, Hye Ran.
You did such a great job today.
What was that news about?
What do you mean?
That's my case. Why did you cover it on the news?
I made the choice to cover it because...
it's a valuable piece of information that people need to know.
Not because you needed to do it?
Are you questioning...
the integrity and unbiasedness of my news show?
It's my case and my job.
I'm trying to make you understand how much you upset me.
Look, Prosecutor Kang.
I mean, Attorney Kang Tae Wook.
That case of yours.
Had I not covered it,
it would've been buried a long time ago.
Then you'd just drag it out and make Kaham get deported,
which means you'll lose another case.
I'll lose?
Was that the reason?
- What? - If I lose another case,
you may not get the spokesperson position. Is that why you did it?
Tae Wook.
Your clients' desperate need to win must be tormenting you.
They've had to endure unfair treatment and contempt.
Seeing all of that must be heartbreaking.
Then let me ask you this.
Have you ever looked at me the way you look at them?
I've also had to make desperate efforts to survive and get here.
Have you tried putting a quarter of the efforts you make for others...
into understanding me?
Then what about you?
Do you know what's getting me through this?
Do you know how hard I'm trying to understand you?
Are you even looking at me?
You should've at least...
discussed it with me before the show aired.
You really should have.
(Lee Jae Young)
I'm sorry.
I still have a meeting to attend.
I have to go now.
What's up?
Shouldn't we meet up?
Why should I meet you?
I guess you haven't received the gift I sent you.
Who's here at this late hour?
Well, they're saying they're from the Blue House.
The Blue House?
They said they need to interview Ms. Go Hye Ran's family...
as part of their pre-screening process.
Please come in.
So what's she doing now?
She's in the driver's seat. She has not budged in the last 10 minutes.
What should I do, Jae Young?
Just keep an eye on her. I'm almost there.
It's okay. Just leave.
You have a dream.
Just focus and pursue that dream of yours. Don't look back.
Go on.
Leave now, Hye Ran.
Don't look back.
Don't stop.
(Lee Jae Young)
Where are you?
Where shall we meet?
That's what you should ask.
Hye Ran.
Tell me.
Where are you?
Sir, move the car.
Move the car now.
Or move forward.
Gosh.
Where did she go?
Hello.
What brings you here at this hour?
Sit down.
You'll only get hurt because of me.
I know.
I'm confident that I can handle it.
(Eun Joo)
Hye Ran.
Please pick up the phone.
Please pick up.
Hye Ran.
(Eun Joo)
May I leave now?
If she wishes to remain silent,
I have no choice.
By the way,
why did you change the morning news on the day of the accident?
You aren't the anchor other than News Nine.
Why did you start to be on the morning news?
Lee Yeon Jung had a stomach pain and went to the emergency room.
I couldn't get a hold of anyone except you.
It's okay.
Thanks.
Good work.
Here's urgent news.
We have one minute.
Signal standby. Signal. Start.
Hey, Hye Ran.
Hye Ran?
What's she doing? Go Hye Ran. Ma'am.
Hye Ran.
Hello, dear viewers.
I'm Go Hye Ran on JBC Morning News.
We received a breaking news overnight.
My goodness. Go Hye Ran.
Early this morning,
Pro golfer Kevin Lee...
was killed in a car accident.
Here comes the footage. Sever 1 standby. Server 1 start.
According to police,
there was a crash in the intersection...
on Gangbyeon Expressway towards Guri.
Pro golfer Kevin Lee was found dead...
at the site due to the crash.
Possibility of drinking and driving...
is still under investigation.
(Pro golfer Kevin Lee killed in a car accident)
Are you not going to answer again?
You will find out through investigation.
So I should move if I want to know?
You make a point.
Let's go.
Not that way. Let's go this way.
My car's parked in front.
The press is here.
What for?
Why would they want to cover me? I'm only a testifier.
They called you as a testifier,
but they were actually investigating your alibi.
I don't understand.
Why would they want my alibi?
What does all this mean?
There was an article 30 minutes ago.
It said Kevin Lee's death is more of a murder...
than a car accident.
An anonymous police source confirmed it.
They'll get the accurate result through autopsy.
It starts tomorrow morning.
They're going to conduct an autopsy?
Did Eun Joo agree to it?
Yes.
(Reporter Yoon Song Yi, 18 Missed Calls)
It's me.
What's going on?
Why did it take so long to reach you?
I'm at the police station. I was here as a testifier...
Hye Ran. The situation isn't good.
Since the article on Kevin Lee's murder was released,
it's crazy everywhere.
According to our information,
the police thinks you're the suspect.
Me?
Why?
I don't know that far yet.
Anyway, I'll dig up some more and call you.
Get out of there as soon as you can.
I...
I didn't do it, Honey.
I didn't do it.
(Misty)
I didn't kill anyone.
It means I have no reason to avoid anything.
It doesn't matter even if you killed him.
I didn't kill him.
What do you think the news is?
It's a show based on facts.
What should I do, Hye Ran? What should I do?
You heard nothing and saw nothing. Get it?
Why did she lie?
Was it fun to fool around with my husband?
What did you do to the black box memory card?
You should rely on me now, Hye Ran.
It doesn't matter what the truth is.
It's going to be a mess.
Are you confident about this?